Now we need to get some sort of a default choice that in any case, it will always be added to our choice
state.
I think that's probably the best thing to do.
That way, we don't run into issues where users the first time they run the app or the settings, they
don't have anything or the state has nothing because that's what it has now.
It's just empty.
So what we can do here is let's get first.
I put a variable here valve called choice from DB like this and I'm going to use Settings View model
and use our unit list right?
State flow and unless they collect.
I state and get the volume like this.
All right.
And for a choice, default or default choice, OK, I'm going to say bye, remember?
And then it's going to be mutable state of and I'm going to pass zero to begin with.
Now, why am I doing this?
So what this is going to be because I have this measurement units list and a list has iness, which
means this is index zero index one, right?
So I'm going to use that to kind of point to either metric or imperial index zero or metric index one.
We'll see in a second here.
All right.
Next, I want to create another value here called default choice.
So this is where I'm going to actually put if statement here to check first, if our choice from database
is null or empty, then our measurements.
In this case, I'm just going to put that one, which is going to be zero.
In this case, I'm saying, if it's empty, nothing we're getting from their base, our measurements,
I'm going to pass two default choices, right?
This variable here, it's going to be imperial, right?
I'm going to get the first in this in this the first index of our list.
So zero else in this case, I'm going to then get choice.
From DDB, which is a listing that I'm going to just go ahead and get the first item which will be added
or it's going to be inside of our list, right first item of our list as it comes in, in this case,
our choice from DB.
It will come in as a list, right?
You'd have to list collect a state the value is going to be list and should be.
And there should only be one item anyway.
So that's why I can just safely say get the zeroth index and get that object and get the property unit.
OK, whatever we have saved in our database.
Now, this default choice.
That's what I'm going to pass it to be a default choice for choice state.
OK.
So again, let's go ahead and look.
The quick recap.
In this case here, I actually don't need this choice definition anymore, because I'm not going to
use that.
All right.
So in this case here, what I'm doing is we are again getting our choice from TV to see a list that
we get from our Settings View model to get all of our in this case, all of our measurement, right?
Or units that we have like.
And then I'm going to and then I create a default choice here where I checked to see if we have anything
from our database.
If the database is empty, there's nothing, then our measurements units that are going to pass thoughtful
choice.
We're just going to go and say it's going to be imperial Fahrenheit.
That's all else.
Then we're going to get what we get from a database, going to be lists.
You're going to get that first object, which is going to be the measurement object in it and get the
unit property.
So it's either going to be metric like this or imperial.
We get that an actor default choice.
And that's when we get back the default choice and we pass along, you know, our choice state so that
it has a default choice of value.
From the get go.
OK, I'm just going to run again just to make sure we didn't break anything.
But everything should be good.
And if I go to our app inspection, remember this may take a little while for you to see the database
and everything, so just be patient.
OK, there we go.
Let's go to settings you can see symmetric right now.
If we go to Settings, let me change this to Fahrenheit and save refresh.
What is imperial now, right?
Still working?